Why don't you let me wear my new clothes?
You have the nerve to say you wear it at home
It's fine if I didn't scold you
Come to the company and want to embarrass me
I think Chu Chu likes it very much
Otherwise, you would have let me take it off long ago
If you talk back, you will deduct 10,000.
you
Continue to read the information you haven't read before
I'll tell you again.
Our company is a national
The largest haute couture jewelry company
The company's mission is to love forever
The company's most famous product is true love
Unique series
The last time, when Chu Chu got engaged
The ones you gave him
It's really rotten to eat the stuffing
I've already memorized all that. Okay.
Just remember it all.
Then you must add some money and a chocolate for me.
Cut right
I went through the company's accounts before and there were some problems
And the internal design draft shows signs of outflow
I suspect the company has an insider
Who would that be?
Hmm, come in
Mr. Fan, we have a group of jewelry series buyers.
Ask to have dinner with you tonight, what do you think?
Ah, eat!
Where are we going?
Hey, what about Mr. Chen and the others?
It's a new customer of our company, right?
What is the strength of the other party?
Su Ming said that the strength behind this batch of customers is extraordinary
Very satisfied with our products.
Well, it's the line of high-value customers worth keeping
Mr. Chen, just arrange it directly.
Mr. Fan, look
Hmph, then listen to Secretary Su's arrangement
Good Mr. Fan